The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
All-stars? I saw the all-stars play. All-stars of baseball? No, all-stars of
chuckles. Chuckle stars? Justin, I'm sorry to interrupt you, but
I know that we're in the middle of this home run. We try to have a good time at the beginning of
the podcast, but I have something really serious to talk about, and I think it's going to affect
everyone pretty strongly. Brace yourselves. The Black Eyed Peas have announced they're taking
a break. What? What? The Black Eyed Peas are breaking up. I mean, I heard the words you said,
but they didn't. Like, something's that terrible. I can't comprehend it with my brain. Yeah,
so we're going to have to say goodbye to Fergie, Will.i.am, etc. Apple the app, please.
Proust was right, you guys. God is dead. I'm not sure that I can. I want to pitch this to you guys
right here and right now. I don't think I can do a podcast today that isn't about this national
tragedy. This is so weird because I'm on Facebook right now, and as you said that to me, simultaneously
all the parties that I was invited to got canceled. That's weird. That's odd. How are they going to
get it started? It looks like every football and hockey game also kaput. I had a beat that I was
holding that I was expecting to drop, and it has not happened. The beat has not dropped,
to my knowledge. I'm still holding in loft. Does Will.i.am have to change his name to Will
he was? I don't know why them breaking up. Will.i.am no more. Would change his status as Will.
Will he is and may again in two to three years after we each proceed. Oh, how dope is that
reunion show going to be? People in the place are going to get down again. It's so fucking sick.
It's going to be ironic by that point, and then it's going to be double good. I just really wish
I could have been there at the meeting when Fergie was like, I think we should break up so I can
pursue some other things. And Will.i.am was like, yeah, me too. You know, my solo career started
in the other guys like, yeah, we're we're working on a lot of big stuff too. I believe you mean
Apple, the app and pogo is the other one. I think it's ghost ghost boy ghost boy.
I think it's ghost ghost dog. The samurai. I think it's I think they just call him Pringles
is his name. Did you go get us some more snacks? That's that is how he developed the moniker
because what else is he fucking doing? Dropping jams? Nope. That's what I am.
He and his pants on stage. No, that's the other one.
Transmorphing into Ferguson for the first time at all. No. She has a lock on that market.
My brother, my brother and me. It's an advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother,
Justin McElroy. I'm your middle brother, Travis McElroy. And I'm Griffin McElroy,
the youngest brother of them. We're all three pretty heartbroken.
And I don't know how we can go on. I am actually sitting here having trouble imagining a fabric
of our universe where the black eyed peas have not permeated every inch of it.
Who's got the cocaine habit, you think? Who's really who's? Oh, probably Pringles.
Probably Pringles. Yeah, you're probably right. That was probably a dumb. He's just
snorting cheese. I mean, when everybody thinks of the black eyed peas, they always think of that
guy's boundless energy. Let's be honest, though. If it was him, the announcement wouldn't be,
we're taking a break. The announcement would be, bye, Pringles. Pringles out the van.
Stand by for a Pringles too. We're really going to miss you. Or maybe we'll replace it,
but no one will notice. This is an advice show for the modern era where we take your questions
and turn them into wisdom. Let's get right into it. Well, I mean, I think actually,
I think the window forgetting about six minutes into it. Let's get currently into it. My first
child is due on July 12th. Oops. I am in search of the perfect phrase to welcome my son into the
world. How about sorry, I'm six days late. Happy belated life that you have now. You're welcome.
I'm sorry I haven't spoken to you for a week, my newborn son. Well, I mean, welcome to Earth.
Oh, yeah. I mean, that's it. But can we do a runner up so that we can keep this question going?
Well, that song that sounds specific says you have to be carefully taught to hate and fear,
so you should probably get cracking on that. Oh, yeah. Yeah. You got to tell them which
groups he needs to be afraid of and loathe for their, you know, how they, you know,
butter side up and butter side down, skin color. Is get a job too direct? Get a job, baby.
How lucky is this? No, this isn't even luck. It's sad. This child is the last of the Black Eyed
Peas generation. Sort of like how John Lennon died a month to the day after I was born.
This is similar, don't you think? I think this is worse. It's basically exactly the same.
This is worse? I would rather every beetle be killed. That's true, because John Lennon died.
It was just John Lennon dying with the Black Eyed Peas dying. Go look at Dr. Pepper sponsorships.
Music is dead. Do you remember the day the music died? I did. I was listening to
My Brother, My Brother and Me, and they announced that the Black Eyed Peas split up.
Are we breaking the story? Yeah, this is it. Oh, God. I'm sorry that your baby's first My
Brother, My Brother and Me, and I assume they're listening. Has to be such a downer,
such a downtrodden, broken hearted podcast. What else can expecting in Seattle say to welcome the
child to the world? What about Hakuna Matata? That's a good one. Parents love that shit.
You could decry him for his tardiness if he's late. Be like, what took you so long? Did you
get lost in the urethra? I still, why the fuck every time we talk about childbirth do I think
the urethra is a necessary component in that mix? At least you're correcting yourself.
You could be straight up with him and to to avoid like any surprises for him and just say, hey,
I hope you're prepared to not be cool for like the next 18 years. Yeah, you're going to turn
it around, though. Yeah, at 18, you're going to enjoy your baby. But first, can you can you say
do something funny? Do a trick. Do a trick. You could start prepping him for toddlers and tiaras
like right off the bat. You will be named Brock and he will be fabulous. Now start pumping iron.
Start pumping iron. You will be the strongest baby. What about, hey, baby, thanks for ruining
one of my favorite spots. This is good because because you later you will regret not having
said it to him back before he could comprehend speech. You can't say to him when he's seven.
That's going to jack his scene, but at least you'll get it off your chest. Hey, baby, you ruined-
That was like my vacation destination. And you you have done muddy those waters and now I can't
can't go back. You can never go back. You know, a lot of women literally do muddy the waters.
It's not a lot of people don't talk about it. It's pretty embarrassing. But they listen to muddy
waters, but they are in choppers. Yeah, sure. That's what I'm going with.
Yeah, that's probably best. Just cover your ears and scream and make the pain go away.
There's got to be something good in there, right? Maybe just play this episode for him.
I bet at least one of the things is a thing he could say to a baby.
How about, can you say, get that placenta off of you and we'll talk? Like, look at yourself.
Look at yourself right now. You're a fucking joke. What are you? I love you so much.
You changed my life. You're all you're my whole life now. But seriously, get that
playlist. I can't touch you. Covered and put that. What is that even?
Baby, thanks to you, I understand so many more Creed songs.
Thank you, baby, for this insight. Can you just gently sing to him, arms wide open,
when he comes out? And make sure you're doing your Scott Sapp impression.
Now, Travis, what would that sound like?
Travis, what would that sound like? Well, I just heard the news today.
You sound like a drunk, sleepy Neil Diamond.
You sound like a man who's having infrequent, periodic, painful bowel movements.
When was the last time you heard Scott Sapp?
That's not funny. Scott Sapp has terrible IBS. You shouldn't check that out.
Scott Sapp has terrible everything.
Did you hear the Black Eyed Peas are going back on a tour? Yeah,
they replaced Pringles with Scott Sapp. It's a really weird fit.
What's the appropriate polite response when a friend of a friend asks, Have we met before?
When you know for a fact that you have. You don't want to embarrass them by recounting
the details of your first introduction, but you don't want to seem like you've
never registered them either. Meet up in Manhattan is who that's from.
Why don't why don't you want to do that second thing? Like if they're not if they're not bringing
the effort to register you and their memory banks in their friend database, then like what's wrong
with you also acting like that? I see. I completely disagree. I don't think you could be more off base
here, Griffin. I personally believe that if you've got the opportunity to embarrass someone, yes,
to get the upper hand. Yeah, sure. It's all about power plays. Yeah. Make the power play like,
oh, yeah, of course, we did this and this and I bought you that drink and you loved it. We
laughed about. I agree. And here's why if they have the balls to ask the question,
have we met before that? I think that's in the same category of you don't remember me. Do you
like have we met before that one? Have we met before implies like I can't be bothered to try
to remember you. So you just tell me how I know you like it's putting you in the awkward position
of having to confirm or deny. Because what if the answer was no? It's like, no, you don't know me.
And now this is weird. Like, who asked that question? Can you for it? Can you further
busted out, flip it and reverse it and just be like, yeah, we fucked and then see what they do.
Yeah, this is but I'm like a sixty five year old dude. And it's like, I know. I know. That's why
it was so tender and real. We started for like six months. This is our daughter, Tobago.
Yeah. Why don't you remember her? She has your eyes and your way with words.
When she was born, I told her, welcome to Earth. And I told her tenderly about the
black eyed bees break up and look at her. She still has screaming and screaming sense.
Can we all just be cool? Yeah. Can we just chill out? Like, I'm so I can't joke about this question
because I do this constantly because I forget every person that is not related to me or I don't
live with. Like, if I don't see your face like two to three hours every day, you're gone from my
brain because I got I got so little space up there and I have to save it for like the Pokedex and
like Everclear song lyrics. So I don't think the problem is not remembering. I think it's
asking the question. Like, I don't care if you don't. Yeah, but it bothers me because I
have enough flash memory up there that I can kind of remember like how a nose and a mouth
go together. It's like, hey, buddy, a lot. And you're like, hey, man, what's going on?
Oh, that's so disingenuous. I want to know because maybe I will live with that person.
You might want to live with them. So I might maybe you don't rule it out. I
I this is one of those do as we say, not as we do type situations, because
if you can remember someone's name, that's that's a huge in with them. That's always like the best,
the best thing you can do. If you learn how to do that, let me know. It helps to use it a lot.
That's everybody's, you know, Dale Carnegie says that everybody's favorite sound in any language
is the sound of their own name being said. And and so if you use it a lot in conversation,
then, A, they're going to like it. B, you're going to remember it next time.
You're going to have to bring some new Carnegie to the table because we already dropped that
shit on him with that Jeffrey bit. Remember our Jeffrey Goof? That was a hundred years ago. We
done Carnegie. That one out. That was over a year over one calendar year ago. I know if if
pearls of wisdom go out of style, then this is a reboot. We're rebooting this franchise. This is
a relaunch. This isn't Dale Carnegie. This is the Dale Carnegie. This is the sequel, the revamp.
Dale Carnegie Jr. The race car driver.
So, yeah, I try to just try to match their level wherever they're whatever level of remembrance
they're at. That's what's going to make them most comfortable. And I know it's dishonest,
but hi. Welcome to all social interaction ever, ever, ever. Yep. Because if you're we're all
being honest, here's how that conversation would go. I don't give a shit about you. I don't give
a shit about you either. I clearly didn't care enough to register the first time. I do not know
your name. But again, I do not know your name. But here is the chorus to Father of Mind by Everclear.
Will that do? Do you want to hear that? I've got that for you.
Here is every first generation Pokémon. Are we OK?
I made this first generation Pokémon list for you. Oh, I told you that the first time we met?
Well, this is embarrassing. Well, shit. That's kind of my A material. How do you remember that?
But you don't remember my name. I got to be honest with you guys. I want to keep the lulls coming
because I I think we're in some fertile ground here. But while we were sitting there talking,
my ankle inched its way up my chair and accident like I was kind of playing with a stick on my
chair and not knowing what it was. And it was the button that makes me fall out of the chair like a
child. So if you heard a noise that sounded like an overweight gentleman falling out of a chair and
then trying to cover it up, that's basically you basically assessed. And then if you heard a sad
trombone, that was me editing in a sad trombone to go along with Justin's comical folly.
There's no way he remembered to do that. But maybe you can all imagine it. Griffin. Yeah,
I got you. This one was sent in by Dan Devine, or possibly Dan Devine. I'm going to go with the
latter one because nobody's named Dan Devine. It's my occupant user, Abby Kate, who asks,
it's Pringle's real name, who asks, What do you love the feeling of next to your skin?
And then in the body of the question, she has put in a smiley face emoticon, which isn't
particularly helpful. But okay, wait, read the question one more time. What do you love the
feeling of next to your skin? Uh huh. So she's saying besides your skin, adjacent skin adjacent.
She's not saying other than the feeling of your skin, what feeling do you love? There are three
different ways you can mean this one. Is it is there something hovering centimeters away from
your skin, and you just know what you feel it's ghost pressure, you can feel it. Uh huh. Two,
two, you love your skin the best. That's the best feeling is your skin on your muscles and stuff.
But what what's after that? What's the what's the runner up? What's second nowhere I would want my
skin to be other than around my muscles? Yes. And three is I believe what she is asking is what you
like to touch? What do I like to touch? What do you touch? Creepy question. What a really innocuously
weird. You know what I like to feel? I like the feeling. What do you like on you? What do you know
what I like on me? I like the feeling of the sort of material they use in playgrounds now instead of
gravel. Yeah. You know what I mean? Spongy shit. Spongy shit. I love that. I'm down with that.
I love that. I love to touch it. Just sit there splayed leg milkshake, maybe three milkshakes
because who knows who I'll meet there and just really feel that stuff. Well, hold on, because
I have a pretty good idea of who you'd meet there. Yeah, well, you never know. You know,
you like to maybe you'll meet, make some new friends. Like, you know, do you mean like the
police? Some friends of all ages. Yeah, sure. You know what I like? Young at heart, maybe. I like
um, I like a good roll of packing tape. Like when you get that, like there's something about the
layers of it that really just gets to me because it's really, it's smooth and it's heavy like a
stone. But then on the sides, it's a little sticky, just a little bit. You know what I like? What's
that Travis? Floam. Okay. Well, where does that even exist in the natural environment anymore?
Uh, well, I don't think it ever existed in the natural environment. Pretty sure they just find
a vein of floam. Yeah. I've got a rich vein of gack over here. You gotta watch out for claim jumpers.
The problem with floam is that they stopped producing it in like 1994. And I'm pretty sure
all the floam in the world is now just like crusty bullshit. So like, I don't think I don't think
anyone's going to be born into this generation and a be able to listen to black eyed peas or
be able to feel natural sticky foam. I'm not saying I don't miss it. Yeah, he's not saying
it's a tragedy. It's a tragedy in one act about how Travis can't feel flow anymore. Um,
I like it at playgrounds when you're sitting on the bench.
I mean, there's some extra room and you're like, I wish someone would come. Yeah,
sure. Take one of these. Yeah, you know, a lot of tactile experiences tied into a play,
a good playground. Maybe too many for me personally. Um, hey, you know what I like?
Tell me. Butterfly kisses.
Cause I, I always kind of thought I never have received any that I know. I mean,
maybe an intention. What? As far as I know, that's the next time we hang out. I'm giving
you butterfly kisses. Oh, I wish it was up to you anymore. Oh, good. You know how we're always
trying to find things to replace business handshakes with butterfly kisses? Oh my God.
Yes, I think it doesn't have to be on the face. It could be like on the back of the,
it's gotta be on the cheek and it's gotta be after bedtime prayers. Uh, Griffin,
are there any answers to this question? And if so, can you read them in like sort of a low guttural
moan, feathers, my girlfriend's skin. Oh, like the outside of it. I hope dog
and no one likes feathers, sharp and shitty pirates and cowboys. He, he, he, what? What?
You like the feeling of pirates on your skin, Griffin? I feel like you didn't sell that one.
Can you try again? Pirates and cowboys. That's way better. Hello, Abby. I like being in the garden
and feeling a cool afternoon breeze against the skin after some physical work.
The sun. It's so hot. I'm burning on the sun. Why do I like this? Why am I touching this with my skin?
This sucks. I think that velvet pet velvet pet. That was my favorite eighties band.
Um, no joke. Like 99% of these are female skin, lady skin, female, female flesh. Robbie says,
Robbie says female flesh. How does Robbie say that Griffin?
Female flesh. He said from inside a basement from, from handcuffs. It's a high jail basement.
It's a jail basement. I like, I guess like sure. Sure. A female. Here's the thing.
Nice people. Here's, here's what's not going on. Nobody's saying the touch of a woman. They're
saying female flesh, which is not the same thing. Guys. That's like a weird version of that.
It's like, they don't know you're there. You're almost right, but you're not quite there.
Cause you don't need a woman inside that skin. You can just have it. You don't have to have
an active participant. Stop being weird. Everybody you're upsetting. You happy now?
Um, sometimes my friends rely too heavily on quoting TV shows and movies for humorous effect
in lieu of saying things that are uniquely engaged on their own merits. What should I do
when this happens? Ignore it, make up quotes to fit in, change the subject, uh, narratively
nonplussed in the natty. Uh, definitely don't make up quotes. I like making up quotes
from TV shows that don't exist.
Toss me them sugar smacks.
Jerry, I'm getting socked about my shoes. That's Kramer.
From Kramer. Remember?
Oh, you mean the spinoff series Kramer.
Remember Kramer? The Kramer show?
Kramer v. Kramer.
Yes. Remember Kramer v. Kramer?
Um, I don't think you should make up quotes. I said that earlier,
but then I try to make one up.
And it's like really hard to do, right?
Unless it's about sugar smacks.
I'm convinced you just said that because you have sugar smacks somewhere in the
room that you're recording in and the rest of us don't have props, Travis.
Yeah. Well, let me try. Let me try. I'll try to make one, uh, with, uh, let me guitar
that half empty diet Pepsi in a chained up kid from the playground.
Don't make me Zune my replica buster sword.
Yeah, I would actually prefer you not Zune your replica buster sword.
It's very dangerous.
It's super dangerous. And you have to get a doctor to come remove it.
I don't think it's inherently wrong to make, uh, jokes based on movies and TV shows and stuff, but
I think you can rely too heavily on it.
Yeah. But is it worth bringing up though?
I mean, dude, when all, when Napoleon dynamite came out,
it was all I could do not to murder every single person I met.
Like everybody was doing Napoleon dynamite impressions and Napoleon dynamite quotes.
And it made me want to kill them.
Um, I, I appreciate what Justin tries to do, which is every, I would say about once a year or so,
he goes through a phase where he tries to bring back, um, catch phrases from, uh,
like an Austin Powers or an Ace Ventura pet detective.
You never know until you guys see if it'll stick.
Are you, are you on that tip now? And if yes, what does it, what does it sound like dumb and dumber?
Or, well, how about, how about to show you? I will do my Napoleon impression.
Oh Jesus.
Okay. No, it's been, it's been long enough.
Okay.
Ziggy Piggy, Ziggy Piggy. What do you think?
It's pretty good.
Pretty good? Well, it depends on how they're doing it.
Like, are you doing it like,
Hey guys, dynamite. That was mine.
I made that.
Are you doing it like all the time, 24 seven and just a little too exuberantly?
Or are they doing it any clever, funny way?
It's like any joke where if you do it well, yeah, it's funny.
If you do it poorly, it's annoying.
You know, you should, you know, you should do is every time they do it, you, um, you cite them.
You just drop a quick citation in there. Like, Oh, as good as it gets like,
I'll make them really cognizant of it.
You don't have to be malicious about it. Like you're not, you're not picking on them or anything,
but I think if you, if you cite it, if you give it a parenthetical citation,
a fucking AP style, that's not right, but they're going to stop doing it.
I think they'll cut back.
At least cut back and probably stop.
I, by the way, if you at home or someone who likes to quote movies to try to, um, or quote things,
the trick is to, uh, take in media that is obscure enough that no one knows you're doing it.
So they just think you're off the wall and really creative.
Or find like,
I've been doing that for years.
Yeah. Find one friend that shares that kind of eclectic taste.
Like I have some friends I can quote mystery science theater 3000 with
and like everybody in the room isn't going to jump on board,
but the two of us have a good laugh and then we move on.
Like that's fine.
I think, uh, the only references that I think are funny are Tennessee Williams references.
Sure.
If someone like, if two guys are fighting and someone says they're bickering,
like Jack Straw and Peter Ocello, I'm going to lose my shit every time.
God, you nailed it. You nailed it with that cat reference.
Have you considered, uh, making a really funny friend and then drinking their funny up and then,
um, like murdering them and then like those jokes are all yours now.
Uh-huh. Like the Highlander.
Like the Highlander, like the Highlander of jokes. It's all in their name.
Like the, like the Ha-lander.
Mm-hmm.
The Ha-ha-lander.
Maybe.
You actually.
The high laughter.
The hilarious and-er.
Two more.
The giggle guilt. I got nothing. I got nothing.
How about the smile-ander? You didn't even.
The smile-ander.
This has been a great goof and some great riffing,
but I, unlike you guys, have bills to pay.
And, uh, in my world, that means a quick trip to the money zone.
Kim, thank you for marrying Hayden on June 18th, 2011.
We really appreciate it.
You did me a big solid there. You bit the bullet and you jumped on the Hayden sword.
You really took one for the team.
We, we all knew that you, somebody had to marry Hayden,
and I'm glad it was a compassionate speech therapist in her second year of law school,
and not, not me, I guess.
Hey Kim, you're a speech therapist who's attending law school.
You're kind of doing a lot of things.
Yeah.
You kind of have a lot of shit on your plate right now.
That's some free advice from us to you.
Um, so, thank you is what Hayden wants to say to Kim for marrying him,
and that's what we say too.
So you guys enjoy your lives together with Sabrina and Roger there in Baltimore,
and, um, thank you for marrying each other.
You keep teaching people to talk good and or punishing criminals.
Like Batman.
Hey, Kathy-
Or teaching criminals to talk good.
Correct.
Kathy, thank you.
No, I don't actually have one on this one.
Kathy just wants to wish her boyfriend Paul happy birthday.
He's, uh, that he's big, big 3-0 for Paul, who's a computer animator, and apparently good looking.
Ooh.
Uh, yeah.
He got to hug me, and he called it, get this, one of the best experiences of my life.
Of your life?
Of your Justin life?
Of his, of his life.
Uh-huh.
I, I'm sure it's in my top, it's up there.
It's up there, um, but he scuba dives on shipwrecks and hugging me would like tug him to another plane.
It was like some next level shit.
Like seeing, like seeing the Black Eyed Peas in concert.
Oh, ah, it still hurts.
It's too fresh.
His birthday is July 20th, so we want to wish him a happy birthday.
Happy birthday to you, Paul, from your beloved Kathy.
And if you would like to get on our Maximum Fun, my brother, my brother and me, Jumbotron,
you just need to go to maximumfun.org forward slash Jumbotron, right?
Correct.
Uh, and that sound can only mean one thing that Griffin has written,
formally composed a song, uh, about everyone on the Jumbotron today.
Take it away, Griffin.
Well, shit.
Good start.
Let's see.
Got to find those connecting elements that make these jingles so cohesive.
It looks like Kim and Kathy's name is supposed to start with K.
Kimberly, can you teach me how to talk?
Kathy, can you teach me how to love?
Everything I need, I get from you.
Everything else, I get from a hug.
But you gotta get a lady with a K name.
Hold on to your lady with a K name.
I'm not saying that these are okay dames.
I'm saying they're top flight ladies with a K name.
I'm sure there's a better connecting thing in there.
No, I think you found the best one.
My boyfriend of two years lives about three hours away.
Seeing each other is difficult and sometimes downright impossible.
I know he wants to move closer, but he still hasn't done it yet.
Our relationship is solid, seriously.
Who wouldn't want to live closer to my baking abilities?
You can all attest to this.
That sounded threatening.
Like a cue, like attest to this here.
We can.
They're great.
Assuming the lady who made us baked goods in Cincinnati, because that was fresh.
Anyway, this was so good.
How do I get him to take that leap?
That's from isolated in Indianapolis.
Bake better.
I guess just keep baking.
If you leave a pie on a windowsill, that'll travel three hours, right?
So you will float off of the ground following the stink stream.
Tex Avery cartoons have taught me anything.
I think Griffin and I are going to be on two opposite sides here.
Moving is such a hassle.
Moving is such like, there's so much involved with it.
I'm not saying that you're not worth it.
I'm not saying that he doesn't want to do it for you.
I'm just saying it seems like the kind of thing you don't really rush and be like, yeah,
why not?
Why not pack up and move your shit?
I'm not joking when I say this.
I would move to be closer to pie.
That reason is good enough.
That's adequate for me.
If the pie is good enough.
You're not joking though.
That's why I'm saying you've got to get your baking scene-
You've got to take it to that next level.
That next level of shit.
Much like the Black Eyed Peas used to be great.
Hey, come on now.
That's too trash.
I had just forgotten.
I know.
That's how, that's the circle I keep living in.
So yeah, it's just like rhubarb, look into like graham cracker crust and just-
Oh, if you're doing cheesecakes, fuck it.
I'll move to live with you.
Can we all just move in with this lady?
Cause she sounds great.
Hey, guess what, boyfriend?
You waited too long.
Oh, you missed your shot.
You always want what you can't have and now we got it.
Huckleberry.
That's our pet.
You should have been her Huckleberry.
Now where are your Huckleberry?
We're up in that pie, loving it.
Seeds?
Don't mind.
Love it.
Crunch.
Pie.
Crusty.
Sweet.
Enjoy.
It's like a Maya Angelou poem.
Possibly E.E. Cummings.
Crusty sweet pie on the window.
Your pie.
I carry it in my mouth.
I don't need punctuation.
I got pie.
Thanks, E.E.
I wish E.E.
Cummings made pies instead of poems.
I know he couldn't enjoy them now, but they're so good.
Some fucked up pies.
You think?
Yeah.
This pie isn't contained.
It's just hot filling.
You just made a pile of hot filling and left it on the table, E.E.
Dude, this is just cherry soup, what you have made.
You did a bad job.
This is just a pan full of cherry stims.
E.E. Cummings, you did a really bad job with this pie.
Here's the thing about this pie though.
It's erudite and inspiring.
I appreciate it.
God, I wish I could have come up in the Harlem Pie Renaissance.
Don't you guys?
Those were some-
It was an exciting time to be alive.
Those were some revolutionary pies.
Go to the back door of the Key Lime Club.
They'll tell you about pies you won't find back in Kansas City.
I'll tell you that.
So I guess what we're saying.
I've gone beyond the-
I think we've gone beyond the point now where we can go back, like we can get back-
Oh fuck, I mean we jumped off of the advice train like half sentence in.
I think, fuck, this sucks.
Get him to.
Just get him to do it.
Just tell him-
Say get the fuck over here.
What-
Here's the great-
Here's a great question.
What is three hours away from Indianapolis and also awesome?
Nothing.
I think you need to find out what it is that's really keeping him from doing it.
Because it may be that he doesn't-
Moving can be pretty scary if you've never done it before.
And if it's a question of scary, you can help him through that.
You think he's-
If it's a question of he's-
I bet he's scared of stock car racing.
Do you think that's his hang up?
No, I don't think he's scared of stock car racing, Griffin.
It's scary.
What about Colts?
Colts.
He might be scared of the Manning family.
The extent of-
No, Travis means literal horses.
Like little tiny horses.
What if they run out in the stock car racing track?
Oh, and then there's just chaos.
That's just-
That's a-
That's a hullabaloo is what that is.
I'm trying to save this relationship.
Sorry, sorry, sorry.
It's over here.
Let's buckle down.
Let's buckle down and really save it.
Listen, look, can you put him on the line?
What are you doing?
She's great.
You know what?
Can I give you a scoop that would help everybody with their fucking decision making?
And we talk about this a lot, but in a hundred years, you'll be dead.
You're wasting your time.
You're wasting your life separated from this person who you love.
And there are moments you can be sharing with them all the time that you're missing out
on for stupid three hours of geography.
I think that's absolutely it.
Missing out on, because you don't want to miss this opportunity because you were too
scared or preoccupied or worried to do it.
Just get off your duff and go do it.
Put your shit in a box and drive there.
I'm going to fucking kill you.
I'm going to kill you.
I'm going to burn down your house tonight.
I will seriously fuck you up if you don't get to Indianapolis this second.
Here's the thing.
If you're still living where you're living, whatever place that is, in a week, we're burning
it down.
How does that sound to you?
We're burning it down.
We're wrecking your whole shop.
We're salting the earth, you lazy bitch.
Get in a car and go get into your life with this woman and stop wasting your time.
And our time, you son of a bitch.
God damn.
Griffin, cleanse my palate.
How about a Yahoo answer?
No, no.
Literally, cleanse his palate.
I don't.
Pringles, cleanse my palate.
Pringles?
Bring me a Jordan almond.
This one was sent in by Tom Burkart.
Thank you, Tom.
It's by Yahoo!
It's a user, Mitchell London, who asks, need an old fashioned term for sex for a novel
based in the late 1800s.
I need a term that could be used back then for something sexual that could end in ing.
Snorkeling, coitusing.
Can we say 23 skadooing it?
I think that's okay.
What about the piggy dance?
Was that a term that was used?
Rumping.
Rumping?
Gross!
Sock hopping.
I guess that was like the 50s.
I don't know time well.
Yeah, it's okay.
What decade are we in now?
Theoretically, what decade are we operating in again?
We're in the 21st century, doing something into it.
I mean, like, for this question.
Oh, the decade.
Yeah.
I'm going to say the 1890s.
So that's like gold rush.
Prospecting.
Prospecting is good.
How about fumbling with buttons for 45 minutes?
That's good.
No, that's not ing.
Dammit.
Gatsbying.
Mining.
Pickaxing.
Clean jumping.
I didn't mean to get you guys on a 49ers tear.
Panning for pussy gold.
Is that an option?
Dead wooding.
I feel like that's if you do a bad job at it.
Yeah, almost certainly.
The only thing I know about this time period is from Oregon Trail, so I'm going to say
yellow fevering.
Did you see Becky?
I heard she got cholera.
You know she gives cholera too.
What's up?
She loves it.
Snake biting.
Transcominant railroading.
What?
Wow.
Hating orientalings.
What?
You're just picking things from the thing and then saying it.
Like it's not even about sex anymore.
Carpet bagging.
Like what?
Reluctantly releasing your slaves.
Like you can't just say shit from the late 1800s and hope it's sex.
I don't think we should worry because I'm pretty sure most of the things that we're
saying didn't happen in the late 1800s.
That was a very unimportant era.
I mean what was it?
The Constitution?
That happened a long time before that.
TV?
Catch me in 50 years.
Nah.
I don't think that.
Maybe Marconi was getting ramped up to do his thing.
Thanks for nothing Uncle John's Bathroom Reader.
Prepare me for this era, for this call as much as I thought you would.
Let's do another Yahoo.
Yeah.
Okay.
This one was sent in by Kayla Doherty.
Thank you Kayla.
Yahoo Answers user Bomb Soldier who asks, when is the appropriate time to give my cat
the talk?
My cat Kate Kate is turning eight years old tomorrow and I've considered talking to her
about sex.
Not sure if she's ready though.
Somebody please help me.
This is another one of those that if you had asked me before we started doing this show
I would have said it was someone on Yahoo Answers being funny.
But now I know too much.
And nothing's funny anymore.
And now I know that someone is really stressing over this somewhere.
I'm sorry I misread that it's somebody please kill me.
Release me from this prison of tears.
Because everyone knows it's ten years old.
Can we not just leave these fucking cats alone for a day?
We already cut off their balls.
No, well, I'm assuming what kind of talk would she need to have with her ball-less cat Travis?
Here's this awesome sex shit you can't do it though.
I'm sorry?
How about the apology talk?
Hey cat, I'm sorry I sewed your vagina shut.
Do you want to know about sex?
Why aren't you listening to me?
Come back.
Why are you just eating and lapping up milk?
Because that's all you do all day.
I'm pretty sure that if this person has a cat that they need to talk to, that they ask
the internet how to talk to about sex, they don't actually know like a whole hell of a
lot about it, right?
You're saying that the next question for this person is, so can you suggest some things
I might say to my cat?
Like how am I explained to it?
When should I have the talk and what should I say?
And what is it that happens exactly?
This is really a case of-
Diagrams please.
This is a case of the blind leading the fucking domesticated animals that don't possess the
capacity for human speech.
You dumb asshole.
You're killing Griffin.
Look what you've done to him.
You've snapped his spirit.
Can we just leave these fucking cats alone for a day?
Like every time I get on the internet, it's like I got my cat drunk.
It's like I put my drunk cat on YouTube and it makes me so fucking angry.
Don't talk to your cat about sex because that's it.
That's the only thing your cat has is that it can just fucking garbage cans all day long.
The rest of its life it has to eat shitty like dry cereal basically and have a fucking
terrible human master.
Just let him fuck all day.
He's always trying to talk to them about the birds and the bees.
You hold it too close when you go to bed at night and it gets weirded out.
Just let him get his dick wet.
I want to put this out there.
I own a cat and I think my cat's great and everything.
Your cat, aside from you feeding it, doesn't give two shits about anything you say to it.
Your cat isn't nearly as about you as you are about your cat.
Here's the thing.
If morning comes and finds you dead on your couch, your cat is going to instantly take
in the situation and start looking through your ratty robe pockets for meat.
That's your cat's relationship with you.
How is that?
How is that working?
How about you don't talk to him about sex and you talk to your mailman about having
sex with you and you move on.
By the way, if you're speaking of, if you're looking for the right time to tell any living
being about how to have sex, I maybe wouldn't wait until five years before it dies.
Maybe shoot for a little bit sooner than that.
This fucking cat is 49 in cat years.
Idiot.
Hey, uh, my boyfriend has a boyfriend.
Now hold on.
I've been dating this guy for almost a year and he's absolutely wonderful.
I even really like his best friend, but the problem is he's more dating his best friend
than me.
They spend more waking hours together.
I usually claim the slinky sleeping ones.
They have so many inside jokes that it's often hard to hang out with just the two of them
together.
And sometimes I feel judged for intruding on their bro time, which happens weekly and
bear in mind they live together.
Am I just jealous of their manly love or is there something weird going on here?
Third wheel.
I'm really sorry about your gay boyfriend.
I had sex with guys so much.
He loves guys so much, uh, that he has sex with them.
No, he's not gay.
It's a, this is a pretty natural.
No, this is what she wants to hear.
Let's just give it to her.
Let's just give her a little treat.
Oh, we've gone from advice to placation.
It's totally weird and freaky and not okay and you're right.
Look behind you.
They're blowing each other.
I never thought you would look, um, I have an easy solution to this, this problem.
Have sex with a friend.
Do it once.
Hey.
That friendship is over.
Hey lady.
Solved.
Don't do that.
I don't think, I don't think there's anything wrong with a dude enjoying time with his best
friend, but I think that there's gotta be a balance, you know, where he should probably
like you slightly more than his best friend.
I would really look at your feelings and you need to put this in, in a different perspective.
What you need to figure out is how much it's actually bothering you.
Not he spends a lot of time with his friend and I should be bothered, but think about
what's actually impacting your own personal happiness.
Like is the concept bothering you or is it actually bothering you?
Like, yeah, right.
Are you actually feeling neglected?
Because I think in areas that you're feeling neglected, then, then that's one thing.
And I think that that's something you should really address with him.
Otherwise it's jealousy.
You know, like you're, it's not that you're neglected, he, it's that, um, you know, you,
you feel jealous of the time that his friend gets to spend with him.
And that's not a, that's not super healthy, B, that's not something he's going to guess
because in his mind, if he's not neglecting you, then it probably hasn't occurred to him
that you would be upset at all.
Does that make sense?
I'm going to guess though.
I'm going to infer because they live together that you guys are probably in like your twenties.
It's something that I think as everybody grows older, you spend less and less time with your
friends and more and more time with like your family.
So this isn't going to be a forever problem.
So let him have his time with his friend now and develop this, you know, lifelong friendship.
Because eventually, you know, he's going to have a job and kids and everything and he's
not going to get to hang out with his best friend all the time.
You can't deep six this friendship because it's going to put too much pressure on you.
Trust me.
Most guys are secret needy and you don't want to have to hang out with them all the time.
Play halo with him and like if I can scarf a bunch of four loco and pizza rolls, like
you don't want all that responsibility.
Trust me.
His friend has taken, taken a lot of the load off for you.
Now if you are actually upset about it, you need to have a talk about it, but not in a,
you need to spend more time with me and less time with him, but address the things that
you need.
Like, you know, I think that we should spend more time together.
I miss you, that kind of thing, but don't make it a choice between you and his friend.
Right.
It's not going to end well.
Yeah, exactly.
Don't, don't make him spend more time with you at the expense of spending time with his
friend.
Let him figure out where he's going to make the, the, the requisite cuts.
And, you know, also you, you would also do yourself a big favor if you'd get it out of
your head that you are the third wheel, because I think if you really just ingratiate yourself
in there and, and be cool, then it would, then it would probably help to make you not
feel so isolated.
I don't think she should have to hang out with them when they're trying to touch their
balls together.
I'm not sure that's part of the equation, Griffin.
All right.
Do you mean metaphorically touch their balls together?
I mean spiritually touch their balls together.
Okay.
I'm talking about it.
I don't think she should have to hang out with them every time, but I'm saying when
she feels isolated.
She shouldn't feel uncomfortable hanging out with them.
And if she, if she feels that way, then that's something she definitely needs to address.
You know, even if it's something as simple as having him sort of explain to you where
these inside jokes came from and stuff like that.
Yeah.
Because he probably doesn't realize that you feel excluded in those moments.
He's probably laughing and having a good time and he's probably not sitting there thinking,
but is she having a good time?
Because he's a, he's a boy.
He's a stupid boy.
He doesn't think that way.
I'm sorry.
His brain doesn't work very well.
Guys, let's stop talking about that.
Um, cause I feel like we, we solved it.
You mean that lady's homo boyfriend?
We solved it so good that let's move on and talk about this month and the things that
are going on that people need to pay attention to.
Cause we didn't do it last week.
Fuck.
Griffin, the month's half over.
Hey, half a month of wisdom about mango and melon month is better than no months of wisdom.
I feel like this point you'd have to choose that it has to be a mango or melon month.
Yeah.
You gotta let go one of them.
Quit trying to have your mango and also eat a melon with it.
Greedy bitch.
Um.
So Griffin, why don't you tell for those who may just be joining us, why don't you tell
about this terrible thing.
Every month shit happens or well no constantly shit is constantly happening.
It's like, um, just like molecules colliding and bad shit happens all the time and people
are getting killed by their baths and by ice cream cones that they ate the wrong way.
And so like we got to warn them.
It's just us on the edge and we're warning people and about shit that happens every month
from a list that I find on the internet.
So we are there every month is a special month, a special day of the collection of 30 special
days.
It's a collection of 30 special days.
So what is, what has July been officially recognized as Griffin?
Well according to this website, which based on the animated GIF background, I think is
a legit operation, um, there's, there's all kinds of flavors we could go with national
dog house repairs month is.
Get out there and fix your face.
Your dog's house is busted.
Uh, uh, uh, national share a sunset with your lover month.
Bleah.
No, I like that.
Put your lover's skin on your skin month.
I like that.
There's national, national wheelchair beautification month, which I do not think we could talk
about without, um, safely saying some kind of goof that would be import taste, import
a sandwich generation month.
Now this I want to know more about because there's one, there's one of two pretty awesome
ways that this month could go right?
One is, one is, well, okay, I can think of three.
The first is I'm making a sandwich, generating a sandwich.
Let's yes.
It's sandwich generation month, everybody.
You know what that means?
Yeah.
The sandwich generation was, it means, it means forget two slices.
This is a new day and the next generation of sandwich.
Yeah.
You're talking about taking it to the next level.
Oh God.
So is this like, like the new revolution in recipes and cooking, like kind of, you know,
there's the micro foods kind of thing or the stuff where like you freeze shit and deconstruct
a hamburger.
Is that what we're talking about?
Yes.
It's like molecular gastronomy, but instead you're just using one slice of bread, bread
sandwich generation.
It's a thought sandwich.
It's sandwich 2.0, free your mind from the second slice.
So it'd be like, I had a piece of bread on Monday and a slice of bologna on Thursday.
Yeah.
Piece of bread on Saturday.
A procedurally generated sandwich.
Procedurally generated sandwich.
Hey, did you have a single down at KFC?
I did.
It sucked.
It was just a piece of bread and I charged, I was charged $4 for it.
This is the next, this is the next sandwich.
So the next sandwich, the sandwich of the future, people are busy.
They don't want to carb up.
What they're doing is they're getting rid of the top slice.
So we can just say, we can say hold the mayo and also the ham and also the lettuce and
the mustard.
No, you're not understanding.
The things are still on the sandwich.
You're talking about an open face sandwich though, and that's not particularly revolutionary.
An open face sandwich is just a sandwich two you haven't folded yet.
And an open face sandwich is also a name for sex in 1990, or in 1898.
Justin.
Yes.
We've been at bread tacos and I don't, I think we skipped over it too quickly.
No, you're, yes, bread tacos.
What about, what about like nine steps into the future, like 3011, you just think about
a sandwich.
You just, you just listen to the black eyed peas.
They're back together.
And you think about a sandwich.
Travis, by that fucking point, no sandwich passes betwixt your lips.
We're going to have matrix ethernet ports in the back of our brains and we can just
download a sandwich thought.
You can just download a sandwich.
You can download a flavor taste direct from subway.
It's called a $5 gigabyte.
I wish.
The byte is spelled B-I-T-E.
And then by dollar, he means five billion dollars.
Five billion space credits.
At that point, it'll be like five babies.
Yeah, sure.
Cause we'll all be, um, baby factories?
What are you saying?
We'll be trading in babies.
Sandwich shop.
It's all in, it's in my, my new novel.
Am I the only one who went to like the Pepsi generation?
Like everybody who is currently ages, let's say 15, how about this newborn baby?
This newborn baby.
It starts at the end of the black eyed peas generation.
Yeah.
Because black eyed peas generation, sandwich generation, Skechers generation.
We haven't reached that one yet, but guys put some money, drop some money on your Skechers
stocks.
So wait, X generation, X generation Y, X, Y, Z, Alpha, Beta, Theta, Zeta, Pepsi, black
eyed peas, sandwich, Skechers.
Okay.
I think I'm, I'm on board.
So welcome babies of the future to the sandwich generation.
I'm curious though, just real quick.
Are there any obligations of being in the sandwich generation?
You um, the, you're drafted into the military just instantly.
That's right, like straight out the gate from the jump.
You are in the military, but you get all the sandwiches that you need and crave.
Like forever.
Forever.
Yeah.
That's the new social security.
Instead of getting any social security card, you get a subway punch card.
I really wish it's already filled out.
Yep.
Yeah.
It's like, what's your social security number?
Eight punches, two more.
And I get a BLT.
So got that.
There were more wars.
I have only fought eight of them.
When I fight in that 10th war, I'll never pay for a sandwich again.
Unfortunately all sandwiches are downloaded through brain ports.
I miss eating.
I hate the future.
I have mustard in my brain port.
I tried, did it wrong.
I didn't download it.
I just wanted a mustard on it.
I just put the, got mustard on my mind now.
I see the silly lighthearted bucks walking around their Skechers and I think what could
have been.
I think you youngsters today with their Skechers.
You youngsters today, you don't understand the service that I provided this country.
I earned these sandwiches.
Killed so many.
They're gonna be a baby lol.
Killed so many Martians.
Nine months from today where parties aren't rocking anymore and the black, cause the black
IPs aren't making the beat drop there.
So how are babies going to get born without that boom, boom, pow?
Is my question.
Think about it.
The human race might, do they have to get back together at that point if we see like
a dramatic down.
When like the sun stops providing heat.
I feel like this is the setup for like a Bill and Ted's excellent adventure style movie
where Rufus has to travel back in time and make sure the black eyed peas get back together.
Yeah.
Good job.
Good job, America.
I'm saying.
He's where our wire stallions and we let them go.
I say things are way more dire than that.
I'm saying, you know how, um, you know how like when there's a flood or a tidal wave,
like mice and dogs and cats will like run away from it.
I'm saying that the black eyed peas know that like the heat death of the universe is coming.
And so they, they, they have broken up because they're leaving.
They're leaving this planet.
Oh, so by the them breaking up a typhoon in Japan is a vert, like the butterfly effect,
right?
Is that what you're saying?
Like the apple, the app effect?
I'm saying that read the book of revelations cause this is fucking verse one, chapter one,
the four horsemen of the beat of the funk ellipse.
Uh huh.
I miss them so guys.
I'll miss, I'll miss them so much.
Hey, can all of our listeners, um, get off your asses and write a letter.
I don't know to your representative.
Is there a petition?
Congressman.
There ought to be a law.
Get a law in the book.
You know what we should have done.
Hey, if they aren't going to be the black eyed peas, somebody else needs to.
It should be a title that's handed down.
It's exactly.
It should be like the dry pirate Fergie.
You know, this was all, we can't be angry at the black eyed peas.
This is all bad planning on our part.
What we should have done is we should have taken 10 to 20% of every black eyed peas album
that came out and held it into a strategic black eyed peas reserve so that we could keep
the black eyed peas train rolling.
Um, sort of social security style.
Instead, we're in a double dip black eyed peas recession and everyone's feeling it.
The black eyed peas balloon, the bubble has burst.
Oh God.
This is my black.
This is my black eyed peas lock box.
So it's like body odor, Dr. Pepper in here.
Why is there so many black eyed peas?
Hey, listen, I want to hear Griffin's last question, but first thank you so much for
listening again to my brother, my brother, I mean, an advice show for the modern era.
You keep tuning in every week and telling friends about the show and I, we seriously
can't thank you enough.
You're also hugely helpful in making the show what it is.
And personal thanks.
Thanks everybody for jumping on board that take your podcast to work day jam.
Yeah.
It was a fun little project.
And that Travis came up with that I thought was a real thing, but I guess it's better.
I made it a real thing by my actions.
Yeah, sure.
Sam Barsanti has listened to 27 NBNB AM episodes in the past two weeks.
That's crazy.
So what's up to a racing freak.
He's a fan and, and, and we're, we're happy to have him.
Thank you to to our, our buddy, Mike Dolling, who had some really nice words for us.
Tony Gaul, zookeeper 780.
You guys are all just really the best.
And you've really helped us to spread the word about the show by tweeting with the NBNB
AM hashtag.
Make sure if you're tweeting about the show that you include a link to our sampler.
It's, um, bit.ly forward slash it's a bim bam.
And uh, if you tune by the show, then give that to people so they'll want to hear, Hey,
and make sure if you, um, update your relationship status on Facebook to reflect your recent
divorce, you include a link to our sampler and you send condolences to a friend.
Make sure to include our sampling, make sure you go buy a t-shirt max funds store.com our
friends at Topotico.
You did so much better that time.
Thanks.
Uh, I have, have, uh, the, they're refilling the ones that are sold out.
We are going to get more in, we promise this will be ongoing availability.
And uh, I think that's, that's it, right?
That's everything.
Make sure you listen to stop podcast yourself and judge on Hodgman and Jordan, Jesse go
and sounding America.
I just assumed that everybody did that because they're like really good shows and you all
like nice funds dot org, uh, is the site to find them.
So check them out if you're, if you're looking for something to listen to.
And we haven't mentioned in a while, but, um, you should subscribe to all of those podcasts,
including ours on iTunes or whatever you use to download the programs.
Um, so that way you get them automatically each week and you don't even have to think
about it.
So break us off a review.
Griffin.
Hey Austin, by the way, I'm going to be up in you next week.
So um, yeah.
Griffin's moving to Austin.
Brace your butt.
Brace your butt holes.
Are you saying you're going to have anal intercourse with Austin?
I'm just going to look at them.
Fine.
How do you do?
So prep your butt holes.
Gonna check them.
I'm ready for inspection.
Gonna peep them.
Hey, let's end it.
This one, um, was sent in by Krista Whelan.
Thank you, Krista Whelan.
It's by Yahoo!
Answers user FF who asks, why can't I stop watching porn and what is your favorite Disney
movie?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother and me, kiss your dad, school you wear on the lips.